Update UI plugins on Astro note (#3678)
astronomer/docs: learn/using-airflow-plugins.md

    from airflow.plugins_manager import AirflowPlugin
    from flask import Blueprint
    from flask_appbuilder import expose, BaseView as AppBuilderBaseView
    from airflow.configuration import conf

>     # from airflow.www.auth import has_access  # uncomment for Astro
>     # from airflow.security import permissions  # uncomment for Astro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # from airflow.www.auth import has_access  # uncomment to use the plugin on Astro
    # from airflow.security import permissions  # uncomment to use the plugin on Astro
```

        default_view = "test"

        @expose("/")

>         # @has_access([(permissions.ACTION_CAN_ACCESS_MENU, "Custom Menu")]) # uncomment for Astro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # @has_access([(permissions.ACTION_CAN_ACCESS_MENU, "Custom Menu")]) # uncomment to use the plugin on Astro
```

![Test View](/img/guides/plugins_test_view.png)

:::info

If you want to use custom menu items in an Airflow environment hosted on Astro, you must make sure to give your plugin the necessary permissions. To do this, use the `@has_access` decorator to give your BaseView method `ACTION_CAN_ACCESS_MENU` permissions.

    ```python

>     from airflow.www.auth import has_access  # uncomment for Astro
>     from airflow.security import permissions  # uncomment for Astro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    from airflow.www.auth import has_access
    from airflow.security import permissions 
```

    # ...

    # create a flask appbuilder BaseView
    class MyBaseView(AppBuilderBaseView):
        default_view = "test"

        @expose("/")

>         @has_access([(permissions.ACTION_CAN_ACCESS_MENU, "Custom Menu")]) # uncomment for Astro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        @has_access([(permissions.ACTION_CAN_ACCESS_MENU, "Custom Menu")]) 
```
